Adds github configuration files for templates (#24)
cse-southeast-devcrew/openhack-durable-entities-coach: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## All Submissions:
-------------------------------------

> * [YES/NO] Have you followed the guidelines in our Contributing [document](./CONTRIBUTING.md)?
> * [YES/NO] Have you added an explanation of what your changes do and why you'd like us to include them?
> * [YES/NO] I have updated the documentation accordingly.
> * [YES/NO/NA] I have added tests to cover my changes.
> * [YES/NO/NA] All new and existing tests passed.
> * [YES/NO/NA] My code follows the code style of this project.
> * [YES/NO/NA] I ran lint checks locally prior to submission.
> * [YES/NO] Have you checked to ensure there aren't other open [Pull Requests](../../pulls) for the same update/change?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] (Required) Have you followed the guidelines in our Contributing [document](./CONTRIBUTING.md)?
* [ ] (Required) Have you added an explanation of what your changes do and why you'd like us to include them?
* [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly.
* [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes. 
* [ ] All new and existing tests passed.
* [ ] My code follows the code style of this project.
* [ ] I ran lint checks locally prior to submission.
* [ ] (Required) Have you checked to ensure there aren't other open [Pull Requests](../../pulls) for the same update/change?
```
